‐‐[BATTLE cries]
‐‐[weapons clanging]
[yells]
[SHEAMA]
Queen Iris.
Queen Iris?
Queen Iris!
[gasps]
Oh, Sheama. Apologies.
I... was just lost in thought.
You were lost in
thought? Really?
Yes.
'Kay.
I can't remember.
Did the last queen
always look peaceful,
or did she worry
sometimes, like you do?
[gasps]
[SHEAMA chuckles]
[SHEAMA] I'm off to direct
the reconstruction of Metis.
Good. I'm counting on you.
[SHEAMA]
Farewell.
[IRIS sighs]
[IRIS]
The former Queen.
Progenitor Rune, I beseech thee.
Grant peace to the
people of White.
[SHEAMA]
Hey there. Are you praying?
Yeah. Just finished actually.
Good morning.
[yawns] You're up
early as always.
[IRIS]
It's the only thing I'm good at.
[SHEAMA]
Wish I could do it.
You need more sleep.
As much as I like
Phious and Theo,
I'm sure looking after
them is exhausting.
[SHEAMA] Yup. They're
a handful and then some.
Want 'em?
I don't think you can
trade them like toys.
[SHEAMA]
I was kidding.
Besides, more responsibility
is the last thing
you need right now.
[IRIS]
True.
Hey, Sheama.
What do you think makes
a good Queen of Light?
What does it take to lead?
Uh...
Yeah, I got nothin'.
And yet,
one of us will ascend
to the throne.
Guess we'll find out then.
Regardless of who's chosen,
let's stay friends, okay?
Let's!
Your Majesty.
We serve you faithfully.
Thank you very much
for your time.
With your blessing,
we'll take our leave now.
[SHEAMA]
She's lovely.
The perfect embodiment
of her title.
"The White Priestess."
[IRIS]
Yeah. She is.
It's hard to imagine
anyone else in her role.
Her successor will have
a lot to live up to.
So were ya scared?
[IRIS]
Mm. Why do you ask?
How'd you feel, Sheama?
Well... I was scared,
to be honest.
"The White Priestess dwells
in the heavens with light,
ever bearing her end
of the balance."
To me, it sounds like
she's stuck here.
Talk about a boring life.
[IRIS giggles]
You don't actually mean that.
No. But still.
Having to maintain that poise
on the throne all the time?
I bet it wears her out.
I bet her life's more
interesting than you think.
Uh‐‐ What do you mean?
She might have fun still.
Maybe she sneaks out
of the palace at night
so she can cut loose.
There's no way.
Our queen would never.
[IRIS] But wouldn't it be funny
if it turned out she did?
[SHEAMA laughs] You certainly
think outside the box, Iris.
[IRIS, SHEAMA laugh]
[SHEAMA]
Speaking of fun...
You're still coming over
for dinner tonight, right?
[IRIS]
Yeah. Looking forward to it.
Phious has been looking
forward to it as well.
Well, of course he has!
It's been quite a while
since the last time
we were all together.
Yeah. That's not quite
what I was getting at, Iris.
[IRIS]
Hm?
Just forget about it.
[IRIS]
See ya!
In the meantime, I'll try
to find some wild greens.
Sure. Thanks a bunch.
[IRIS]
Oh! Fuki buds.
[IRIS] Looks like some
angelica buds, too.
[IRIS giggles]
This'll be delicious.
[gasps] Oh, there's even more!
[IRIS]
Thanks for having me over.
Dinner was delicious.
No problem. It was
really nothing special.
[THEO]
Come back anytime!
When you're already
cooking for three,
adding one person is easy.
Thanks. I'd love to.
Theo. You don't get
to say something like that
unless you're the
one who cooked.
Calm down.
I was just bein' nice,
plus ya know I'm right.
Hey. Show some respect.
[IRIS giggles]
But, you're welcome
to come back.
Great!
Um. I should walk Iris home.
[THEO]
Bring back presents.
[PHIOUS]
No chance.
[THEO]
Aw.
[PHIOUS]
Good grief.
Theo's always energetic,
but when we have company,
he's downright annoying.
[IRIS laughs]
He's a lively one,
but that just made our
night more entertaining.
[PHIOUS] Well, I'm glad
you still had fun.
Your place is always fun.
Though, I hope I'm not imposing.
You aren't at all.
My brother was right
that it's no extra work.
And the wild greens
you bring are delicious.
They're just normal plants
that grow in the mountains.
No. The ones you pick
for us are special.
They taste better somehow.
Do they really?
You'd think they'd taste the
same no matter who picked‐‐
No!
[IRIS]
Uh?
Uh‐‐ Um‐‐ I'm sorry.
I‐I didn't mean to
shout at you, Iris.
But still, I mean it.
Your greens taste great.
You think so, huh?
I'm glad to hear it.
Yeah. I love...
...your greens.
[PHIOUS]
Strange.
To think that loving something
can turn it bitter.
[IRIS] I appreciate
your walking me home.
I should be fine from here.
Right. Come back anytime, Iris.
[IRIS]
Hey, Phious!
[PHIOUS]
Huh?
What do I need to become
a worthy Queen of Light?
What makes a leader?
Huh...
[IRIS] Sorry, that was
weird. Forget I asked.
No. I may not have
a proper answer.
But the mere fact that you're
thinking this way is promising.
For knights,
the only question is
"how do I serve my queen?"
Thanks for that, Phious.
I'll figure it out for myself.
I promise.
I'll learn what makes a queen.
And how one should lead.
[IRIS]
What a nice breeze.
It's strange.
If I become the next queen,
everything that's familiar
will change for me.
Even this view of the sky.
[gasps]
[gasps] I have to go
warn the knights!
[panting]
It's gonna catch me.
There's no choice
except to fight!
[IRIS] Please, Rune.
Lend me your power!
[IRIS]
O' malevolent darkness, begone.
Leave these skies
and never return!
It's gone.
[gasps] I... drove
the darkness back!
[VOICE 03A] The White Priestess
is light's final bastion.
[IRIS]
This voice.
Are you...?
[VOICE 03A] She must face
profound loneliness
and stay strong despite it.
Lonely or not, I want this.
I choose this.
I'm prepared to stand
alone if I must.
With the rune,
I'll preserve the balance
between Black and White.
Until the end of my reign.
I swear.
Even if all the souls in both
kingdoms turn against me,
I will stand firm.
[BLUE IMPS snoring]
[VALLUS]
Good.
You seem fully prepared
for any contest.
Are you not coming with me?
I shall be attending the king.
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS sighs]
You'll be all right.
You're the candidate
of the Skeers family.
That carries more weight
than you realize.
Have faith in yourself.
And in this.
You've become a fine swordsman.
Take it from your teacher.
I'll see you.
[sighs] Take care of yourself.
[GROZA] We've gathered
here today so the king's
aspiring successors
can be measured
against each other and ranked.
Let me thank each
of you for coming.
Naturally, one of
you will emerge
above the rest: and they...
[GROZA] ...will be awarded
the Greatsword of Black!
[CONTESTANTS gasp]
So whoever gets that greatsword
will be the heir apparent.
[BEASTMAN 03A]
All right.
So how's this
contest gonna work?
[GROZA]
To start,
you'll have to battle
those monsters.
Then, the top, or
remaining two contenders
will face off in a duel.
[THIEF 03A chuckles]
I see.
I don't plan to hold back.
Hope you don't mind
if a few of us
end up with worse than bruises.
[GROZA]
That won't be an issue.
We're prepared to
render aid if needed.
And if you're feeling
averse to danger,
consider this a chance
to withdraw your candidacy.
[CONTESTANTS laugh]
[GROZA]
The time has come.
Are all of you prepared?
[CONTESTANTS]
Yeah!
Then we'll begin at once.
I wish each of you
the best of luck.
[MONSTERS growling]
Heh. Is this really
all they've got?
[yells]
[roars]
Thought so. This is too easy
Huh?
[MONSTER 03B growling]
[yells]
[THIEF 03A grunts]
[MAGE 03A yells]
[COMMANDER 02B] I expected them
all to be strong, but wow.
[gasps]
What the...?
[grunts]
Hah. She's done for.
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
Move!
He saved her?
Hey. I don't need your pity.
[THIEF 03A]
What's your angle?
Do you want her in your debt?
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
I had the power to help her,
so I did.
[ADEL]
Hold up.
You're screwin' with us, right?
[clanging]
Why did you save her? Tell me!
[gasps]
[CYCLOPS 03A growls]
Bet this thing'll thin the herd.
[yells]
[MAGE 03A yelps]
[THIEF 03A yelps]
[ARCHER 03A]
You'll get no closer.
[groans]
Doesn't look like I can afford
to take this one lightly.
[BEASTMAN 03A yells]
[yells]
[gasps]
You two can burn together.
[yells]
[BEASTMAN 03A screams]
I can still... fight.
Heh. Just be glad
you're alive, ya clown.
Move out and treat the wounded!
[GROUP]
Ma'am!
[ADEL] I'd expect no less
from the Skeers candidate.
It looks like this'll
come down to us.
Behind you!
[THIEF 03A screams]
Do you want some more?
[THIEF 03A]
N‐N‐No! I‐I give up!
Why help me?
Heh. 'Cause there's no point
in dueling a small fry like him.
[DARK MAGES gasp]
That's enough!
Take some time while
we clear the arena.
Then your duel will begin.
[ADEL]
First the mage, then the lion.
Why go out of your way
to save your rivals?
Didn't you just do exactly that?
[ADEL] I helped you 'cause
I didn't want my fight
to be with a chump.
That's fine.
I saved those people because
I didn't want them to die.
Shouldn't that be reason enough?
It's really not. If you wanna
become the King of Darkness,
you should look out for
yourself and no one else.
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
Why?
[ADEL]
That's how this world works.
The strong thrive,
and the weak are ignored.
Those people were
nothing to you.
A smart prince
would've let them die.
If it's your opinion
that a prince
should be selfish and cruel,
then we can leave the rest
of this debate to our swords.
Have it your way.
That soft heart'll be
easier to cut through.
[GROZA] Well, gentlemen?
Are you ready to fight?
[ADEL]
Yeah.
Good. Then we begin at once!
[grunting]
[GROZA] At first glance,
they seem evenly matched, but...
[ADEL grunting] What's wrong?
Is this all that you've got?
Coward. Why not just kill me?
I've glimpsed an ideal.
And so, I have a duty
to fight for it now.
[ADEL]
What?
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
I plan to use the throne
to fix this world. I swear,
my people will be happy.
[yells] You fool.
[ADEL]
All right. I give.
You'll be the next king. Not me.
[DARK MAGES mutter]
A new heir has risen
to claim his right.
In the name of the king,
I dub you our true prince.
[applause]
[GROZA]
Now, as proof of your title,
receive the Greatsword of Black.
If you meant the
things you said,
then prove you aren't all talk.
I will.
[ADEL]
So. What's your name?
Hello? What, is it a secret?
Well, whatever. My name is Adel.
Pleased to meet you.
Guess I'll call you
Your Highness.
[GROZA chuckles]
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
Vallus.
I'd ask how it went, but I see
that you've a new sword.
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
Mm.
So, uh... Are ya just sayin' hi,
or was there
somethin' you wanted?
Take this to the Queen of Light.
The king commands the
first and second in line
to the throne to act as his
envoys and deliver this message
to the Kingdom of White.
The Kingdom...
...of White.
Is somethin' the matter?
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
I was just thinking.
[ADEL]
About?
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
About what makes a king.
And how one should lead.
[PHIOUS]
Queen Iris!
What is it, Phious?
[PHIOUS]
An envoy has arrived.
From Black.
[gasps]